yeah yeah yeah now this for me is a
pretty cool experience we've literally
just stepped off the boat for the first
time and already I'm see an animal I've
always wanted to say this is a Weddell
seal and the reason I like them is
because there could be one of the
toughest mammals on the planet they are
all year residents to this part of the
world they even breed down there in fact
they breed further south than any other
mammal instantly recognized with its
lovely kind of zinc-plated marbling to
the body and this tiny head with a
constant smile upturned corners to the
mouth
we're Dells are one of the largest
species of seal the females are bigger
than the males measuring up to ten feet
long
they may look cumbersome on land but
they are accomplished divers we're Dell
seals can stay underwater for an hour at
a time
fishing to astonishing depths of up to
two and a half thousand feet
for most of the year they're surrounded
by nothing but the frozen sea they
survived the long winter by living close
to cracks in the ice sheet with strong
jaws and sharp teeth they make sure
these essential breathing holes are kept
open before returning to the sea for
food
you